Added an permanent discord invite link (#50)
EddieHubCommunity/EddieBotUI: README.md

## About EddieBotUI

> EddieBotUI is a web application built to display all kinds of information about the **Eddie Jaoude Discord community** - [click to join](https://discord.gg/dCUbX7tYUf) - like users biography, usage stats, badges and more.

Reviewer: This should be updated to be consistent with other repos, how about this:
```suggestion
EddieBotUI is a web application built to display all kinds of information about the **EddieHub Discord community** - [click to join](http://discord.eddiehub.org) - like users biography, usage stats, badges and more.
```
